rsc post (#329)
remix-run/remix-website: data/posts/rsc-preview.md

- How do I change data on the server from React components?
- How do I pre-render my application to HTML on the server?
- How do I know which client assets are needed to transition the HTML into a single page application?
- How do I get the serialized server data into the components in the browser for it to be interactive?

Our answers were loaders, actions, server runtimes, browser runtimes, and a bundler that connected the server and browser together (hydration) through build manifests and serialized data payloads. We called the whole thing Remix.

With the release of React 19, React itself now has answers for all of those questions with async components, RSC streaming formats, and bundler integrations. Our job got much smaller!

Even APIs like `clientLoader`, that today rely on our Vite plugin, are able to be sent through the RSC format at runtime to work with any bundler that supports RSC.

<small>Jacob blew my mind with that one</small>

With less reliance on our own Vite plugin, and deeper integration with React, supporting all of React Router's framework features should be much more realistic for bundlers besides Vite.

## What's Next? Official RSC Support in Vite

> You'll note that the preview template only supports Parcel. That's because Vite doesn't have RSC support yet. Work is on going between the Vite and React teams, and things are looking good. Instead of being blocked, we developed against Parcel. You'll note in the preview template there's a little Parcel plugin for `routes.ts` to button it all up and it's pretty small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll note that the preview template only supports Parcel. That's because Vite doesn't have RSC support yet. Work is ongoing between the Vite and React teams, and [things are looking good](https://github.com/facebook/react/pull/33152). In the meantime, we're leveraging [Parcel's RSC support](https://parceljs.org/recipes/rsc) to help us figure out what React Router looks like when RSC is a first-class bundler feature. You'll note in the preview template there's a little Parcel plugin for `routes.ts` to button it all up and it's pretty small. The effort to port to other RSC-native bundlers in the future should be equally minimal.

By targeting RSC-native bundlers like Parcel, we're also helping to guide the direction of Vite's official RSC support. [Hiroshi Ogawa](https://github.com/hi-ogawa) is currently [working publicly on Vite RSC support](https://github.com/hi-ogawa/vite-plugins/tree/main/packages/rsc) and [using React Router's RSC APIs in Vite](https://github.com/hi-ogawa/vite-plugins/tree/main/packages/rsc/examples/react-router) to validate their approach. By sharing our early RSC work publicly, we can help ensure that we'll be ready once Vite RSC support finally lands.
```
